what will happen if a child isn't born
with its parents love
the movie my first client is one aspect
of this problem
when children are born without love from
their parents they are at more of a
disadvantage than other children
they even become victims of child abuse
my first client is based on a real story
a korean shocked case in 2013 about
child abuse
released in 2019 the film directed by
jengyu sung
has successfully captured the tears of
all its audiences
a guy after watching the movie also
shared the movie made me cry like
a little girl the drama revolves around
the lives of sisters deben
and min june and a heartless father when
their mother dies
one day dabin's father takes them to
meet their future stepmother
the children think that they were
preparing to have a new happy life with
their mother's care
however that is just the cover of an
evil woman
the husband works far away and leaves
the children to live with a stepmother
she gradually reveals her true nature
every time during the meal
if dabin's younger brother drops a grain
of food she will beat and strangle the
older sister to warn her younger brother
the lives of the two sisters gradually
turns into hell
dabin once goes to the police station to
ask for the protection of the law
here she meets jung you a lawyer who
hasn't found a job
so he is now working temporarily at the
child welfare agency
the 10 year old girl can't get much more
from the law the staffs here take the
little girl home
and then our ruthless mother steps in
and whips on little dabbing
the younger brother min joon also can't
do anything but silently endure with his
sister
though dabin wants to call for help many
times though it seems she feels the
futility of this effort
once min june invites his sister to meet
jungyeon
through communication and conversation
jung yeob senses something unusual about
david
he takes them to eat to go to the zoo to
play in the children's play area
jung yo gives min yoon 50 0001 to set up
a date to return
and a teddy bear named kim kang of his
nephews before arriving in seoul
both dave and sisters are very fond of
jungyeon
[Music]
when they return home their stepmother
jisook discovers jung yeob's business
card
so dabin has suffered his mother's blows
again it is worth mentioning here that
it turns out the father
also knows the story without interfering
the next day dabbing faints in the
classroom
jung yob is watching the house in seoul
when he gets a call from the school
saying dabin wants to see him talking to
the teacher he seems to have learned
that dabin is abused regularly
in the hospital cabin begs him to take
the two sisters away
but jung yeob even if he wants to help
is helpless because the law does not
allow it
he goes to meet their stepmother and
even dabin's father but what he receives
is just indifference
[Music]
goes to seoul to work the little girl
dabbing can't call him
she is completely desperate it seems
that the last ray of hope in the 10 year
old girl's life has disappeared
while the two sisters are talking the
stepmother enters and discovers a 50 000
wan note in minjun's hand
assuming minjun steals her money this
evil stepmother forces dabin to punish
her younger brother
like jee suk does with her
the impotent slaps of the little girl
will make jesuook even crazier rushing
to beat min june
the seven-year-old boy's cries echo
throughout the region the neighbors all
seemed too familiar to hear
but did not take any action dabin takes
a torn fifty thousand one note in her
hands desperately and the little girl
faints
the next day jung yog receives news that
min june steals money from his mother
dabin wants to get it back so she
accidentally beats her brother to die
remembering that he used to give min
june 50 0001 he is sure that there is a
stepmother's involvement
he regrets much when he ignores dabin's
calls for help the day before
the information that a 10 year old girl
kills her younger brother shocks korea
jung yeob knows this isn't true and
wants to help but debin received guilty
to herself
wherever dabin on the other hand is
being watched by the people around her
jisook now plays the role of a good
mother in front of the world
and takes dabin to go shopping though
she has done something unforgivable
back to the gloomy room with painful
memories minjoon is gone
dabin can only confide in the little
bear that jungyou gave her
and it turns out that the stepmother has
made her confess
the next day the mother throws away all
of dabbin's things including the bear
jung yo gave her
she sees but can do anything luckily a
little neighbor boy sees and keeps it
for dabbing
jung yeob asks his law firm in seoul to
intervene but fails
he immediately leaves his job and goes
to daphne but davin's heart is already
cold now
she doesn't say a word to him feeling
guilty as a part of himself
jung yog is deeply hurt he reaches out
to the sister at the child protection
center to help her legally
after receiving a call from the court ji
suk frantically intends to continue
assaulting dabin but luckily
the phone call interrupts dabin is still
alive
knowing dabon no longer wants to meet
him jung yeob asks the neighbor boy to
bring her gifts every day
one day dabin opens a pile of gifts
including a recorder with words jung-yo
wants to send her
he tells his heartbreak and says he
always waits for dabbin at the bridge
the day before she is about to run to
meet jungyeo but encounters her
stepmother
dabbin tries to escape into the room but
can't escape from her stepmother
she hears the recording and hits dabbing
almost to death the neighbor boy hears
and calls jung yoob immediately
he rushes to dabbin's house just in time
to stop the imminent death and take her
away
this scene is painful i can't hold back
my tears either
after that jesuok is brought to court
she shows a pitiful innocence in court
and along with that is dab in silence
after her father's naughty
this is very unfavorable for her causing
jung yeob a very huge headache
at this point he accidentally hears that
the bear he gave minjoon could record
the video
he searches for a whole day in the
garbage but cannot find it
on the other hand dabin in court still
refuses to say a word because of the
obsession from his father's threat
jung yoob is very worried and advises
dabbing but fails
fortunately the neighbor boy brings the
bear to jungyou
dabin meets the bear kim kang again she
hugs and cries
only then davin speaks it hurts so much
to hear
[Music]
through each jungyeob lead dabin finally
speaks the truth
at the same time a video of the violence
of a child is presented as evidence in
court
and successfully accuses the stepmother
a child
only seven years old still innocent like
that had to suffer blows from the cruel
stepmother and a resentful death
everyone who watches must
unintentionally shed tears
[Music]
from here we also realize a part of
social responsibility
loose laws have resulted in adult
indifference to children who have been
abused
they know but dare not come out to help
because they know they can't do anything
so everyone is the same just silently
watching innocent children being
brutally abused
aside from hope a 2013 film also based
on a real case that shook south korea
about children's issues
my first client is a lighter dose but
will still make you
to where you can't hold back the tears